Why are you here?
What are you doing here?
Oh, I see.
You must be because I slept with your woman
You came here in a hurry, right?
You are shameless I am shameless
At that time, when you asked me for money and resources
I can't wait to climb into my bed
Now I have nothing, you say I'm shameless
You're a piece of crap now
Who cares about you?
Xue Zhilong
Do you really think you can shake up the four major families?
Do you really think you got golden dragon Jiujue
You are the one above
We experts cannot be shaken
My dad can still talk, right?
This inverse
Please forgive Mr. Xue Zhilong
I don't know.
How did he escape from the hospital?
Please also ask Mr. Xue Zhilong
Don't argue with a patient
Tell me how to deal with it.
I want his
Dad, you have to save me, don't worry.
Shut up, you loser
No one can help you now
Please also show mercy to Mr. Xue Zhilong
Ah!